{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16120\viewh11680\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Content Creators (in alphabetical order):
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Alexandra Frolkis (IM R1 at UofC; MD & PhD in Epidemiology)\ulnone \
\
\
\ul Danika Leung (FM R1 at UofA)\ulnone \
\
\
\ul Ying Ling (IM R1 at UofT)\ulnone \
\
\
\ul Nicole Mensik (Rural FM R1 at UofC, Medicine Hat program)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Stefana Pancic (IM R1 at UofC)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Viktor Sekowski (FM R1 at UofA)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Scott Stewart (IM R1 at UBC)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Kelvin Tran (IM R1 at UofM) \ulnone \
\
\
\ul Ashley Tse (FM R1 at UofA)\ulnone \
\
\
\ul Andrew Yang (GIM R4 at UofS)\ulnone \
\
\
\ul Peter Yuan Zhang (IM R1 at UofA)\ulnone \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul Logo Designed by Mary Zhou:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\

\b \ul Other Acknowledgements:
\b0 \ulnone \
We also want to thank Brad Prince, Emily Hicks, and Nick Funk for their sagely advice on start-ups, computer design, and for the coffee/wine/raclette they generously provided us over the years. \
\

\b \ul Co-Creators and Developers:\ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ul Douglas Yuen: BHSc (Bioinformatics), MSc (Computer Science)\ulnone \
\
\
\ul Deborah Rose Chung: BSc, MSc (Physics)\ulnone \
\
\
\ul Samuel Quan: BHSc (Biomedical Sciences), MD (IM R1 at UofS)\ulnone \
Samuel learnt Python and PyQt during the final months of his last year of medical school just for this project. \
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul Abbreviations:
\b0 \ulnone \
Institutions:\
UBC = University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada\
UofC = University of Calgary in Calgary, Canada\
UofA = University of Alberta in Edmonton, Canada\
UofS = University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon, Canada\
UofM = University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Canada\
UofT = University of Toronto in Toronto, Canada\
\
Programs:\
IM = internal medicine (core)\
FM = family medicine\
\

\b \ul Co-Creator\'92s Message:
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Firstly, I want to say thank you to my family, my father, mother, and my brother, for being patient with me and allowing me to sit at my old bedroom to struggle to write Python code well into the night. I spent many a nights in my room, with my door closed, at my small work table working on this project, and you\'92ve always given me your blessing and your support. \
\
Next, I want to give my sincerest gratitudes and respect for my fellow colleagues who helped me with this project. Several months ago, I went to my friend Douglas asking if he would help me on this bizarre quest to create a software program to help physicians, residents, and medical students save time on their paperwork. Despite the fact Douglas worked a full-time job at a real start-up company, he still volunteered to help me make Bobo. He sacrificed a significant amount of his personal time in order to help us bring Bobo into existence. \
\
Over the coming months, each of my friends volunteered and contributed to this project. And for whichever reason, each of them did so generously, knowing that we will be creating a free product, and that there is no promise of ever being paid. Rose joined us as a developer soon after we started, and a large portion of the user interface would not have been built if it was not for her. Rose and Doug had patiently waited for me while I slogged through bits of code, asked them countless stupid questions about python, and provided feedback for my various seemingly insane ideas through countless phone calls, text messages, and one-on-one conversations. The Bobo library truly could not have been able to be completed without their help. \
\
As for the content creators, they each meant so much more to me than I can possibly describe. They were my colleagues, my friends, and my sources of joy and support throughout the highs and lows of my journey in medical school. The guidance and endless encouragement they provided for me for those four or more years that I\'92ve known them can fill volumes. And even after we graduated medical school together, and said our fair wells, they each agreed to stay in touch in order to help me create the endless list of templates for Bobo amidst their busy residency training programs. And for that, I am thankful. \
\
I know the code has it\'92s quarks and the program\'92s limitations can cause a fair bit of inconvenience. The prototype is a lot clunkier than I expected when I started out, and there was certainly a lot more work involved than I had initially expected (although, I believe that\'92s what is expected of any prototype). But end product was something we built together. None of us could have built it alone, and it was through our combined efforts that we were able to build something that I can only hope that others may find useful. \
\
The best perk of starting this project is being able to work with some of my closest friends. They gave me their talents, their time, and their trust. They believed in me despite my complete and utter inexperience in computer programming prior to this project. And for that, I hope never to lose the gratitude for the generosity they have shown me. \
\
Until we meet again; don\'92t forget to be awesome! \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Updated: June 27th, 2017
\b0 \
\
}